My life’s at a rock bottom’s cliff, I’m walking in a dark tunnel
I'm holding up this cruel, dreadful day alone
My school hallway is fading away, on this unfamiliar way
I’m so unlucky, I don’t have any map to tell me whether this road is right
There's no way to go up, what I’ve been through is a maze I never want to go back to
I’m comforting myself shedding bloody sweats instead of bloody tears
They tell me such hills are just passing showers
If you want success, put snares that are called failures
So yes, I bite the baits that are called pain
I’m wandering around, with my exhausted wings of passions temporarily folded
My life’s at a rock bottom’s cliff, I’m walking in a dark tunnel
I'm holding up this cruel, dreadful day alone
Though I reach out my hand, there’s nobody to hold it
They’re going up riding on my pain, my tears
I'm on a Hellevator
My Hellevator
There’s nothing for me, nobody really cares about me
No worries for me, just stone cold “Give up on your nonsense dreams”
Their words on giving up hit my ears, my despair only gets bigger
Covering the sky called hope with the hands of the people beside me
I’m praying for myself to hold on, to save myself from their unkind stares
They’re arguing if I’m crazy or not, I’ll be somebody’s clown even if I make it through
that’s what you’re going to be, stop trying to be a singer
I push myself through more hearing them talk
My life’s at a rock bottom’s cliff, I’m walking in a dark tunnel
I'm holding up this cruel, dreadful day alone
Though I reach out  my hand, there’s nobody to hold it
They’re going up riding on my pain, my tears
I'm on a Hellevator
My Hellevator
I’m going to find out where the exit is
To save me from being locked in the darkness
I frantically try to, run away
I’m on the Hellevator, I’m going up
I’m escaping my dark past, lighting up my dark road ahead
I run as I could forget those tedious moments
The bell of the new beginning that they’ve been ignoring rings
I got on my Hellevator that’ll hold my hand and take me to the penthouse
I'm on a Hellevator
My Hellevator